There are different default views for the accounts page.  There are 5 major types of accounts, asset, liability, revenue, expense, and service.
* Asset accounts: your checking, savings, cash, physical property, and credit cards are asset accounts. You should enter all your asset accounts prior to using LoadedFinance.
* Liability accounts: mortgages, loans, home equity lines of credit (HELOC), and deposits that you owe are examples of liability accounts.  You should enter all of your liability accounts prior to entering transactions.
* Revenue accounts: any account the you regularly receive income from are revenue accounts. Your place of employment, online ebay business, or babysitting duties are all examples of revenue accounts.  These can be entered prior to using LoadedFinance or by adding transactions.
* Expense accounts: any place you spend money at will become an expense account, the grocery store, clothing store, online shops, and the electrician are all examples of expense accounts.  These do not have to be entered prior to using LoadedFinance, as you enter transactions, LoadedFinance will create them for you if they do not exist.  This allows you to quickly find out how much you spend at that local coffee shop you enjoy so much!!
* Service accounts: These are separate from expense accounts in that they are usually tied to a recurring service. Cable, phone, magazine subscriptions, and the electric company are all examples of service accounts.  To ensure these are not entered as expense accounts, you should enter these prior to using LoadedFinance, however you are free to edit the account and change it as needed.

Some of the balances are counter-intuitive for most people.  Since this is a double ledger entry system, someone makes money and someone loses money.  If you pay for dinner at a fine restaurant, you are negative that money, while the restaurant is positive.  From the expense accounts and revenue accounts, the balances will look reversed from what you could expect.  The restaurant is positive $100.00, because you paid them for dinner.  Whereas your employer is negative $500.00, because they paid you for your work.
